docs: Change design docs link in queryAll doc (#230)
cozy/cozy.github.io: src/tutorials/data/queries.md

const docs = await client.query(Q("io.cozy.todos"), { limit: null });
```

> ⚠️ When querying this endpoint, the response includes the [design docs](https://docs.couchdb.org/en/stable/ddocs/ddocs.html), which are the Mango indexes and views definitions. Those documents are automatically filtered for the paginated queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ When querying this endpoint, the response includes the [design docs](https://docs.couchdb.org/en/2.3.1/ddocs/ddocs.html), which are the Mango indexes and views definitions. Those documents are automatically filtered for the paginated queries.
```

We're currently running 2.3.X in production, not 3.X
